Tidy up repository (#18)
catalyst-ci-cd/catalyst: README.md

# Catalyst

> Catalyst is a powerful CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment) tool designed to streamline workflows. This tool empowers developers and DevOps teams to efficiently manage and automate the software development lifecycle, from code integration to deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalyst is an ambitious CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment) tool currently in active development. Our goal is to create a powerful tool that streamlines workflows, empowering developers and DevOps teams to efficiently manage and automate the software development lifecycle, from code integration to deployment.

> Please note that the project is still under development and not yet ready for production use.
```
```

## Overview

At a high level, the main modules that catalyst consists of:

- **yml** workflow parser
- **Docker runner** to execute requested jobs
- **Rest API** to provide http interface

> - **Scheduler** to manage jobs execution order

Reviewer: We don't necessarily need to detail the project structure in our README file. This information can be better suited for the contribution page or a separate documentation file.

> ## Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Getting Started

To get started with Catalyst, follow these steps:

1. **Installation:** Clone project repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/catalyst-ci-cd/catalyst.
   cd catalyst
   ```

2. **Build** Build source code:

   ```bash
   make build
   ```

   or by:

   ```bash
   go build -o catalyst main.go
   ```

3. **Run**: Run the executable program:

   ```bash
   ./catalyst

>    ```

Reviewer: Executing `./catalyst` currently has no effect. 
Since the project is not yet ready for use, we won't include a "Getting Started" section at this point.
